Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this section, we're going to be able to upload products and as well been able to retrieve products.
Now head up to a faster database.
And over here we are going to click on stats collection and we are going to call this collection products.
Right.
Okay.
Now is products are going to be connected to this products based on something known as UID.
So we can just type in your idea or we can just click on this in order to automatically generate one
for us.
Okay.
Now, the first field we need is going to be the hide of the products.
Right.
So over here.
You can type it.
There's going to be a test.
Right.
So we can just copy this.
So.
Copy.
This is going to get rid of this and I'm just going to quit this.
Okay, then paste this over here.
Okay.
Now, the second we need is the tighter of the.
Right.
Okay, then there's this as well.
That said, we need this.
The description of the products.
Is going to get rid of this again.
Okay.
For the texts.
Boswell.
Going to copy that.
Okay.
It is also a test, right?
How can you feel it again?
Okay.
We also didn't do need for.
The prize.
Okay.
Prize.
There's not going to be a shrink, but.
There's going to be a number.
Right.
Okay.
As well we can.
Then there's this.
Okay.
The other field we need is what?
The image URL.
Okay.
Outfield.
There's been a screw down.
Okay.
Image, Yara.
Now we're going to leave this empty.
For now.
We can just add this.
Says it aspects in this walk image.
Okay.
We're just going to leave this empty for now.
We also need a product category name.
Ad field.
As all it is is strange, right?
Okay.
There's going to be phones.
Click on this.
Okay.
As well.
I feel.
We need for the quantity.
Just going to be five is going to be a number, right?
Okay.
There's going to be five.
I think that is all.
Okay.
Now click on Save.
You can see to where you can see each product is linked to this product.
Each product is linked to this product.
This product collection based on something known as unity.
So you can just add another product.
So they as well.
To generate a unity and.
Okay.
For this as well.
There's going to be.
The first field is the idea.
Staring at food.
Okay.
Try to.
This should be tied to.
Back at field.
This should the discussion.
Okay.
Compare the description.
As well.
The price of the products.
As field.
This is going to be number.
Because I mean, sorry.
Can you see if this person number is going to be 19 at nine I.
Okay.
As well we need for the imagery.
Like I said, expect an issue type that is a network image.
So you can't just do this other string for now.
Okay.
The products category name.
You can see how complex it is.
So I put that from the five star database.
That is why you're going to need an admin partner in a nutshell to organize everything more with.
Okay.
The last is the quantity.
And it's going to be a type of number.
And I think we just have two products.
Okay.
And I think I'm safe.
Now, you can see we have two products, right?
Okay.
Now we have successfully uploaded a product to the database.
Right now, the next thing we are going to do is to upload an image.
You're going to be doing this through this storage.
Okay, then we're going to copy the link.
And how did you.
So that was what it does.
Well, that that's what we are going to do in the next picture, then in the other lecture are going
to be able to fetch the products is going to be on our have they're going to fetch it to the fit screen.
Okay.